Document `cylc lint` (#480)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/major-changes/config-changes.rst

These will be highlighted upon ``cylc validate`` after renaming ``suite.rc``
to ``flow.cylc``.

> Because some workflows use includes which may not be switched on at

Author: Agreed!

> Because some workflows use includes which may not be switched on at

Author: ```suggestion
Because some workflows use include directives (which may be switched off by Jinja2 or
Empy) at
```

> Because some workflows use includes which may not be switched on at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because some workflows use ``if...else`` branches which may not be switched on at
```

> Because some workflows use ``if...else`` branches which may not be switched on at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because some workflows use Jinja2 or EmPy branches which may not be switched on at
```
